Azure/api-stewardship-board is an invalid team. Ensure the team exists and has write permissions.
nickghardwick is an invalid user. Ensure the user exists, is public member of Azure and has write permissions.
minhanh-phan is not a public member of Azure.
assafi is an invalid user. Ensure the user exists, is public member of Azure and has write permissions.
rokulka is an invalid user. Ensure the user exists, is public member of Azure and has write permissions.
ChongTang is an invalid user. Ensure the user exists, is public member of Azure and has write permissions.
Azure/adp is an invalid team. Ensure the team exists and has write permissions.
taiwu is an invalid user. Ensure the user exists, is public member of Azure and has write permissions.
ofirmanor is an invalid user. Ensure the user exists, is public member of Azure and has write permissions.
olalavi is an invalid user. Ensure the user exists, is public member of Azure and has write permissions.
erangon is an invalid user. Ensure the user exists, is public member of Azure and has write permissions.
orieldar is an invalid user. Ensure the user exists, is public member of Azure and has write permissions.
ilaizi is an invalid user. Ensure the user exists, is public member of Azure and has write permissions.
shakednai1 is an invalid user. Ensure the user exists, is public member of Azure and has write permissions.
orenhor is an invalid user. Ensure the user exists, is public member of Azure and has write permissions.
promoisha is an invalid user. Ensure the user exists, is public member of Azure and has write permissions.
alexeldeib is an invalid user. Ensure the user exists, is public member of Azure and has write permissions.
ramthi is not a public member of Azure.
'Container Apps' is not a valid label for this repository.
jijohn14 is an invalid user. Ensure the user exists, is public member of Azure and has write permissions.
Juliehzl is not a public member of Azure.
/specification/codesigning/data-plane path or file does not exist in repository.
/specification/asazure/ path or file does not exist in repository.
athipp is an invalid user. Ensure the user exists, is public member of Azure and has write permissions.
darshanhs90 is an invalid user. Ensure the user exists, is public member of Azure and has write permissions.
vrdmr is an invalid user. Ensure the user exists, is public member of Azure and has write permissions.
deathly809 is an invalid user. Ensure the user exists, is public member of Azure and has write permissions.
dpwatrous is not a public member of Azure.
/specification/batchai/ path or file does not exist in repository.
alexanderyukhanov is an invalid user. Ensure the user exists, is public member of Azure and has write permissions.
asarkar84 is an invalid user. Ensure the user exists, is public member of Azure and has write permissions.
jorinmejia is an invalid user. Ensure the user exists, is public member of Azure and has write permissions.
yunhemsft is not a public member of Azure.
jessicl-ms is not a public member of Azure.
rrahulms is not a public member of Azure.
t-bzhan is not a public member of Azure.
felixwa is an invalid user. Ensure the user exists, is public member of Azure and has write permissions.
'Cognitive Services - Form Recognizer' is not a valid label for this repository.
bojunehsu is not a public member of Azure.
nizi1127 is an invalid user. Ensure the user exists, is public member of Azure and has write permissions.
bilaakpan-ms is an invalid user. Ensure the user exists, is public member of Azure and has write permissions.
dkulkarni-ms is not a public member of Azure.
MS-syh2qs is not a public member of Azure.
grizzlytheodore is not a public member of Azure.
mabhard is an invalid user. Ensure the user exists, is public member of Azure and has write permissions.
danielli90 is an invalid user. Ensure the user exists, is public member of Azure and has write permissions.
smotwani is an invalid user. Ensure the user exists, is public member of Azure and has write permissions.
ppatwa is an invalid user. Ensure the user exists, is public member of Azure and has write permissions.
vikramd-ms is an invalid user. Ensure the user exists, is public member of Azure and has write permissions.
yunusm is an invalid user. Ensure the user exists, is public member of Azure and has write permissions.
ZhidongPeng is an invalid user. Ensure the user exists, is public member of Azure and has write permissions.
nkuchta is an invalid user. Ensure the user exists, is public member of Azure and has write permissions.
maheshnemichand is an invalid user. Ensure the user exists, is public member of Azure and has write permissions.
najams is an invalid user. Ensure the user exists, is public member of Azure and has write permissions.
changov is an invalid user. Ensure the user exists, is public member of Azure and has write permissions.
kjeur is not a public member of Azure.
panda-wang is an invalid user. Ensure the user exists, is public member of Azure and has write permissions.
novinc is an invalid user. Ensure the user exists, is public member of Azure and has write permissions.
djyou is an invalid user. Ensure the user exists, is public member of Azure and has write permissions.
weinong is an invalid user. Ensure the user exists, is public member of Azure and has write permissions.
seguler is an invalid user. Ensure the user exists, is public member of Azure and has write permissions.
alvinli222 is an invalid user. Ensure the user exists, is public member of Azure and has write permissions.
justindavies is an invalid user. Ensure the user exists, is public member of Azure and has write permissions.
robbiezhang is an invalid user. Ensure the user exists, is public member of Azure and has write permissions.
paulgmiller is an invalid user. Ensure the user exists, is public member of Azure and has write permissions.
yizhang4321 is an invalid user. Ensure the user exists, is public member of Azure and has write permissions.
circy9 is an invalid user. Ensure the user exists, is public member of Azure and has write permissions.
qike-ms is an invalid user. Ensure the user exists, is public member of Azure and has write permissions.
MehaKaushik is an invalid user. Ensure the user exists, is public member of Azure and has write permissions.
tjlvtao is an invalid user. Ensure the user exists, is public member of Azure and has write permissions.
zhangyd2015 is not a public member of Azure.
davidzhaoyue is not a public member of Azure.
ro-joowan is an invalid user. Ensure the user exists, is public member of Azure and has write permissions.
hitenjava is an invalid user. Ensure the user exists, is public member of Azure and has write permissions.
/specification/deploymentmanager/ path or file does not exist in repository.
netrock is an invalid user. Ensure the user exists, is public member of Azure and has write permissions.
/specification/documentdb/ path or file does not exist in repository.
dmakwana is an invalid user. Ensure the user exists, is public member of Azure and has write permissions.
jihochang is an invalid user. Ensure the user exists, is public member of Azure and has write permissions.
Kishp01 is not a public member of Azure.
ahamad-MS is an invalid user. Ensure the user exists, is public member of Azure and has write permissions.
damodaravadhani is not a public member of Azure.
/specification/features/ path or file does not exist in repository.
yugangw-msft is not a public member of Azure.
amarzavery is an invalid user. Ensure the user exists, is public member of Azure and has write permissions.
pulkittomar is an invalid user. Ensure the user exists, is public member of Azure and has write permissions.
wawon-msft is an invalid user. Ensure the user exists, is public member of Azure and has write permissions.
/specification/insights/ path or file does not exist in repository.
gucalder is an invalid user. Ensure the user exists, is public member of Azure and has write permissions.
vrmurthy01 is an invalid user. Ensure the user exists, is public member of Azure and has write permissions.
randallilama is an invalid user. Ensure the user exists, is public member of Azure and has write permissions.
jlichwa is not a public member of Azure.
pankajsn is an invalid user. Ensure the user exists, is public member of Azure and has write permissions.
tonytang-microsoft-com is an invalid user. Ensure the user exists, is public member of Azure and has write permissions.
nonstatic2014 is not a public member of Azure.
/specification/machinelearningcompute/ path or file does not exist in repository.
shutchings is an invalid user. Ensure the user exists, is public member of Azure and has write permissions.
jeffrey-ace is an invalid user. Ensure the user exists, is public member of Azure and has write permissions.
giakas is not a public member of Azure.
amolr is an invalid user. Ensure the user exists, is public member of Azure and has write permissions.
smithab is an invalid user. Ensure the user exists, is public member of Azure and has write permissions.
sw47 is an invalid user. Ensure the user exists, is public member of Azure and has write permissions.
dashimi16 is an invalid user. Ensure the user exists, is public member of Azure and has write permissions.
rileymckenna is an invalid user. Ensure the user exists, is public member of Azure and has write permissions.
pilor is an invalid user. Ensure the user exists, is public member of Azure and has write permissions.
tarostok is an invalid user. Ensure the user exists, is public member of Azure and has write permissions.
/specification/postgresql/** ends with an unsupported sequence '/**' and will not match. Replace it with '/'
/specification/provisioningservices/ path or file does not exist in repository.
kvish is an invalid user. Ensure the user exists, is public member of Azure and has write permissions.
dragonfly91 is an invalid user. Ensure the user exists, is public member of Azure and has write permissions.
sonathan is an invalid user. Ensure the user exists, is public member of Azure and has write permissions.
dheerendrarathor is an invalid user. Ensure the user exists, is public member of Azure and has write permissions.
avneeshrai is an invalid user. Ensure the user exists, is public member of Azure and has write permissions.
siddharthchatrolams is an invalid user. Ensure the user exists, is public member of Azure and has write permissions.
timlovellsmith is an invalid user. Ensure the user exists, is public member of Azure and has write permissions.
Azure/arm-template-deployments is an invalid team. Ensure the team exists and has write permissions.
rajshah11 is an invalid user. Ensure the user exists, is public member of Azure and has write permissions.
vivsriaus is an invalid user. Ensure the user exists, is public member of Azure and has write permissions.
pinwang81 is an invalid user. Ensure the user exists, is public member of Azure and has write permissions.
bleroy is not a public member of Azure.
tjacobhi is not a public member of Azure.
amitchat is an invalid user. Ensure the user exists, is public member of Azure and has write permissions.
craigw is an invalid user. Ensure the user exists, is public member of Azure and has write permissions.
asinn826 is an invalid user. Ensure the user exists, is public member of Azure and has write permissions.
daveirwin1 is an invalid user. Ensure the user exists, is public member of Azure and has write permissions.
juhacket is an invalid user. Ensure the user exists, is public member of Azure and has write permissions.
samedder is not a public member of Azure.
jamestao is not a public member of Azure.
ericshape is not a public member of Azure.
leoz-ms is an invalid user. Ensure the user exists, is public member of Azure and has write permissions.
manaas-microsoft is an invalid user. Ensure the user exists, is public member of Azure and has write permissions.
atpham256 is not a public member of Azure.
/specification/subscriptions/ path or file does not exist in repository.
navysingla is an invalid user. Ensure the user exists, is public member of Azure and has write permissions.
yanjungao718 is an invalid user. Ensure the user exists, is public member of Azure and has write permissions.
sandshadow is an invalid user. Ensure the user exists, is public member of Azure and has write permissions.
allencal is an invalid user. Ensure the user exists, is public member of Azure and has write permissions.
hrkulkarmsft is an invalid user. Ensure the user exists, is public member of Azure and has write permissions.
naveedaz is not a public member of Azure.
Azure/azure-app-service-control-plane is an invalid team. Ensure the team exists and has write permissions.
'AzureML - Compute Instance' is not a valid label for this repository.
Azure/aml-compute-instance is an invalid team. Ensure the team exists and has write permissions.
shahabhijeet is an invalid user. Ensure the user exists, is public member of Azure and has write permissions.
